Remove sdk content from readme (#401)
cyberark/cyberark-conjur-cli: README.md

# conjur-api-python3

This repository includes self-contained Conjur CLI (`conjur`) for
accessing the Conjur API to manage Conjur resources.

> Note: Conjur python SDK was removed from this repo and is now maintained under 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The Conjur Python SDK was removed from this repo and is now maintained in the 
```
